# V4.0.0 Upgrade

## ⚠️ Breaking change v4.0.0 (after v3.0.0) ⚠️

A breaking change was introduced _after_ version `v3.0.0` which changes the way in which search functionality is used in this demostore project.

This change allows customers to provide their own Algolia credentials to the project which means that they can use with:

-   [Amplience Advanced Content Search](https://amplience.com/news/amplience-algolia-advanced-content-search-integration/)
-   Directly with their own [Algolia](https://www.algolia.com/) account
-   Without Algolia at all and default to using the Amplience [Filter API](https://amplience.com/developers/docs/apis/content-delivery/filter-api/)

### Fresh installation

If this is a new project and you have a new Amplience account then there are no changes required for your setup process as there is no upgrade required.

### Recommended Upgrade path

This path assumes that you already have an Amplience Dynamic Content account with content and a deployed URL in Vercel.

1. Clean your Amplience Dynamic Content account to start from a blank canvas using your existing version (v2.0.1) of the demostore-cli

`demostore cleanup -c -a`

This will remove any previous search indexes in Amplience

2. Get latest version of dc-demostore-cli from npm

`npm install @amplience/dc-demostore-cli@latest` or if you installed globally `npm install @amplience/dc-demostore-cli@latest -g`

Once updated you can validate you are on the latest version by running the following command and checking that it matches the latest release on this github page:

```
demostore --version
```

3.  Update your environment configuration with Algolia details. If you don't provide these, the Blog page will use Filter API instead of Algolia.

You will need to remove your hub configuration details before adding them again, so you might want to save them before from your `.amplience/environments.json` file.

`demostore env delete [env]`

`demostore env add`

When asked, you can add your Algolia API details.

4. Import from latest automation set

`demostore import -l`

See [import](../README.md#import) for details needed to update your front end

5. Update your front end [dc-demostore-core](https://github.com/amplience/dc-demostore-core) to the latest version and deploy using the right environment variables

### Staying on an older version

Deployed versions will continue to work if you are not changing anything.

### Updating an older version without upgrading

In the case that you would like to update / clean / automate on an existing version please follow the steps below.

1. Do not update your front end ([dc-demostore-core](https://github.com/amplience/dc-demostore-core))

> Last version was 3.0.0

2. Stay on your existing version of the cli ([dc-demostore-cli](https://github.com/amplience/dc-demostore-cli)).

> Last version was v2.0.1

3. Locally checkout the previous base version of the automation project ([dc-demostore-automation](https://github.com/amplience/dc-demostore-automation)) and switch to the version / tag for importing

> last version was v3.0.0

4. Import using the `automation` or `-a` command to point to your local files

Example

```sh
demostore import -a /Users/xxxx/github/amplience/dc-demostore-automation
```
